911: And is the patient awake right now?
NURSE: She's awake and alert but drowsy.
911: OK, what-- would I be able to speak with
her, would she not understand my questions?
NURSE: She does answer appropriately.
911: OK, how old is she?
NURSE: She's 90 years old.
911: OK, and you said she's drowsy, what other
symptoms is she having?
NURSE: She's hypoxic between 60-- 65 and 74.
911: And I'm just confirming she has been
exposed to someone with the Coronavirus, is that correct?
NURSE: She is in the building.
911: OK.
NURSE: Different side of the building.
911: What we're gonna ask you to do is we're gonna ask you to take her outside and make sure she's wearing a mask for the aid crew.
NURSE: OK.
911: And are you a nurse there or the caregiver?
NURSE: I'm a nurse here.
911: OK.
NURSE: Alright I'll do my best to get her
out, but she's on five liters, I have to get her to a tank.
911: Yeah, I know. I apologize for the inconvenience, but it's just for our aid crew safety, yeah.